Update dev docs (#11513)
bokeh/bokeh: sphinx/source/docs/dev_guide/documentation.rst

`reStructuredText primer on the Sphinx website`_ or the `official
reStructuredText website`_.

For information on writing style, see Bokeh's
:ref:`documentation style guidelines <devguide_documentation_style_guidelines>`
and the `Google developer documentation style guide`_.

.. _devguide_documentation_edit_source:

Contributing to Bokeh's source code documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
All functions and methods in Bokeh use
:ref:`docstrings <devguide_documentation_edit_docstrings>`. In addition, Bokeh
uses its own system to provide
:ref:`detailed information on individual properties <devguide_documentation_edit_properties_help>`.

.. _devguide_documentation_edit_docstrings:

Writing docstrings
''''''''''''''''''

To automatically process Python docstrings, Bokeh uses an extension for Sphinx
called `Napoleon`_ with `Napoleon's Google style`_. For Napoleon to work
correctly, all docstrings you write need to follow the rules in the `Google
Python Style Guide`_.

Docstrings for functions and methods generally include these three elements:

* A short description of what the function does, starting with a

>   verb. For example: "Creates and returns a new Foo."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  verb. For example: "Create and return a new Foo."
```
would be consistent with the voice I've tried to use throughout since the beginning
